# Dbn-tech-Dbn-tech-Outreachy_Dennis-Ndubi_2023
# Outreachy Contribution Moja Global
Because I believe my interests closely align with the project’s goals, I wish to join and contribute to the Moja Global project, particularly in Automated versioning and curation of land sector datasets. Moja Global specializes in software monitoring greenhouse gas emissions and removals from land use and land use change. With this software, my major goal is to use machine learning to guide farmers in the right route toward contemporary agricultural methods. It is difficult for the formers to predict the best harvest because of numerous climate variations that have caused soil quality to alter quickly. Climate change has negatively impacted people worldwide, including air pollution, disease, extreme weather events, forced displacement, pressures on mental health, and increased hunger and poor nutrition in areas where people cannot grow or find enough food. Probably this problem we face major problems due to climatic changes in our day-to-day life. I’ve taken a very small initiative, but I want to give back to the community so that as many people may see my work as possible, and open source is the best way to do that. Climate change in Kenya significantly impacts the country’s environment, economy, and society. Kenya is particularly vulnerable to the impacts of climate change due to its geography and reliance on subsistence agriculture as a major sector of its economy. Rising temperatures, changing rainfall patterns, and more frequent and intense extreme weather events are already affecting the country’s agricultural yields, water supply, infrastructure, and biodiversity. To mitigate and adapt to the impacts of climate change in Kenya, the government is promoting a range of initiatives, including developing renewable energy sources, improved water management, sustainable agriculture practices, and waste management. Additionally, the government is promoting reforestation, conservation, and other ecosystem-based approaches to addressing climate change. Finally, the government is working to increase public awareness of climate change and its effects on Kenya and create a more resilient and adaptive society.